Add AGENTS.md agent guidance (#316)
ultralytics/hub-sdk: AGENTS.md

uv pip install -r tests/requirements.txt

# Download test fixtures from Firebase Storage (needs FIREBASE_CRED + BUCKET_NAME env)
cd tests && python utils/test_data.py download

# Run the smoke suite exactly as CI does (hits the live HUB API — needs credentials)
python -m pytest -v -m "smoke" tests

# Single file / single test
python -m pytest tests/functional/test_model.py
python -m pytest "tests/functional/test_model.py::TestModel" -v

# Build and strict-check the docs as CI does
mkdocs build --strict
```

- CI (`ci.yml`) runs two jobs on Python 3.13 / ubuntu-latest: `Docs` (`mkdocs build --strict`) and `Tests` (smoke marker only). The package supports Python >= 3.8.
- The `Tests` job needs live secrets (`FIREBASE_CRED`, `ULTRALYTICS_HUB_API`, `ULTRALYTICS_HUB_WEB`, `BUCKET_NAME`): fixtures download from Firebase Storage and the `setup` fixture logs a real `HUBClient` into the HUB API. These cannot run without credentials — do not add offline stubs to force them green.
- Test markers (`smoke`, `regression`) and the active pytest config live in `tests/pytest.ini` — that is the `configfile` pytest resolves, not `pyproject.toml`. CI selects `-m "smoke"`.

## Architecture

> `hub_sdk` is a thin, layered REST client for the Ultralytics HUB API. `HUBClient` (`hub_sdk/hub_client.py`) is the single entry point: it extends `Auth`, logs in via API key or email/password, and its `.model()`, `.dataset()`, `.project()`, `.user()`, and `*_list()` methods return per-resource objects. The `@require_authentication` decorator on `HUBClient` gates every method except `.model()` unless the client authenticated (or `public=True` is passed).

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: This overstates the `public=True` bypass: the decorator checks `kwargs.get("public")`, but `dataset()`, `project()`, `user()`, and `team()` do not accept a `public` keyword, so calling them with `public=True` will pass through the auth check and then raise `TypeError`. Agent guidance should be precise here so future changes don't rely on a bypass that only works for the list methods that actually accept `public`.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
`hub_sdk` is a thin, layered REST client for the Ultralytics HUB API. `HUBClient` (`hub_sdk/hub_client.py`) is the single entry point: it extends `Auth`, logs in via API key or email/password, and its `.model()`, `.dataset()`, `.project()`, `.user()`, and `*_list()` methods return per-resource objects. The `@require_authentication` decorator on `HUBClient` gates every method except `.model()`; the public-list methods that accept `public=True` can use that flag to bypass authentication.
```
